SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 36 (#11451)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/working-with-linq.md

Go ahead and run the sample you've built at this point. It will display all 52 cards in the deck. You may find it very helpful to run this sample under a debugger to observe how the `Suits()` and `Ranks()` methods execute. You can clearly see that each string in each sequence is generated only as it is needed.

> ![Screenshot that shows a Console window.](./media/working-with-linq/console-52-card-application.png)

Reviewer: I think the original alt text was more descriptive

```suggestion
![A console window showing the app writing out 52 cards.](./media/working-with-linq/console-52-card-application.png)
```
